Add ER-model link (#1462)
shopware/docs: concepts/framework/data-abstraction-layer.md

In contrast to most Symfony applications, Shopware uses no ORM, but a thin abstraction layer called the data abstraction layer \(DAL\). The DAL is implemented with the specific needs of Shopware in mind and lets developers access the database via pre-defined interfaces. Some concepts used by the DAL, like Criteria, may sound familiar to you if you know [Doctrine](https://symfony.com/doc/current/doctrine.html) or other ORMs. A reference to more in-depth documentation about the DAL can be found below.

> Refer to [Shopware 6.6.5.0 entity relationship model](../../../docs/snippets/mermaid-diagrams/sw-6.6.5.1.mermaid) that dipicts different tables and their relationships. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Shopware 6.6.5.0 entity relationship model](../../assets/shopware6_erd.pdf) that dipicts different tables and their relationships. 
```

In contrast to most Symfony applications, Shopware uses no ORM, but a thin abstraction layer called the data abstraction layer \(DAL\). The DAL is implemented with the specific needs of Shopware in mind and lets developers access the database via pre-defined interfaces. Some concepts used by the DAL, like Criteria, may sound familiar to you if you know [Doctrine](https://symfony.com/doc/current/doctrine.html) or other ORMs. A reference to more in-depth documentation about the DAL can be found below.

> Refer to [Shopware entity relationship model](https://developers.shopware.com/assets/pdf/erd.pdf) dipicts different tables with different colors and their relationship. 

Reviewer: This is Shopware 5 ER model.

> Refer to [Shopware entity relationship model](../../../docs/snippets/mermaid-diagrams/sw-6.6.5.1.mermaid) dipicts different tables with different colors and their relationship. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: info
To export a fresh ER model, use [MySQL Workbench](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/workbench/en/wb-reverse-engineering.html), [PHPStorm Database Tools](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/phpstorm/creating-diagrams.html), or similar tool.
:::
```
